Use Case:
1.) The administrator runs the system, and proceeds to generate an encrypted Unique ID for the applicant.
2.) The administrator then prepares the applicants' data as reference (Birth Certificate and Valid ID files) and input
    necessary details.
3.) The system reads the applicants' name, checks if it exists in the database, and reports whether the account is
    active or inactive, if exists, proceed to step 6.
4.) The system validates that the applicants' name doesn't already exist.
5.) The administrator inputs, and the system adds the new applicant to the database
6.) The administrator inputs the rest of the data on the system, referencing from the first two files.
7.) The system then asks for confirmation if the data entered are valid and correct.
8.) The system may ask to add Benefit Details to link with the applicants' Unique ID in the system.
9.) The administrator then enters the requested details into the system, if there is none, proceed to next step.
10.) The system may ask to add Occupation Details to link with the applicants' Unique ID in the system.
11.) The administrator then enters the requested details into the system, if there is none, proceed to next step.
12.) The system may ask to add License Details to link with the applicants' Unique ID in the system.
13.) The administrator then enters the requested details into the system, if there is none, proceed to next step.
14.) The system may ask to add TAX Details to link with the applicants' Unique ID in the system.
15.) The administrator then enters the requested details into the system, if there is none, proceed to next step.
16.) The system prints the final details on the screen.
17.) The administrator proceeds to give the Encrypted UID to the applicant.


Nouns (candidate classes):
Encrypted Unique ID
Birth Certificate
Valid ID
Benefit Details
Occupation Details
License Details
TAX Details
Database

Verbs candidate operations:
generate encrypted UID
add an applicant
add Benefit Details
add Occupation Details
add License Details
add TAX Details
modify
print
